How about Jack Williams? Any recollections? Oh,
fine. We didn't see him too much socially, but I'm
just basking in Frank's feelings of him, that he
was the finest administrator that I've reckoned
I've
known. And he was smart. Yeah, I think you
certainly know that. And he really worked hard.
You know, all those people worked hard. Yes, they
did. That's impressive. Yeah. And Buck Weiris I
remember worked hard, harder than anybody I knew.
Yeah, I was impressed with Buck. And who was that
guy who was in the library?
In the library? Buck Weiris, my man's gone too. He
was head of the library? No, he had something to do
with the library. After he retired, he was hired on
the part. If it comes to the library. Wouldn't Don
die all or something? I don't think about that. He
was always there for the students. I mean, mostly
student-oriented. Yeah. That's important. You
can always tell a student-oriented professor
knows you or not. And I'm one of those who wasn't.
And I'll tell you, when you have 350 students in
your classes, it's hard to think of anything else.
Well, you don't have to go to school anymore. Fight
that anymore.
What would you like to tell me about your
experiences at A&M? Well, the key word is fun.
Really, it is. It was constantly fun. And that's
what I see in Frank's letters. This is a happy
place. Yes. Over and over. This is happy. And he
really . Now also, I think I mentioned this. I was
really surprised. He really was planning his
retirement from the very first. His letters are
full of it. I'm going to do this in memory. Well, he
knew you were 61. Yeah. Was he there four years?
Yeah. That's an awful short time. He did a lot. It
seemed to me he was there much longer. It just
seemed like so long. And also Lloyd really took
hold. Yeah. In fact, I learned a lot about Lloyd
reading that correspondence. And I'd say Lloyd
and I were always good friends. But I didn't know
Lloyd was a good administrator. He was tough. He
was right on top of it. He wrote letters. And Frank
was a good lover. A wonderful writer, period. I'm
just so sorry that he got so ill so he couldn't write
his memoirs. That would have been great. It would
have been wonderful if he did write his memoirs.
And so fast. He told me a story here that he would go
in on Sunday for a couple of hours and it would take
his secretary All day, Monday, he'd read his
letters, what he had done on it. He'd read the
letter. He'd come in early in the morning, six
o'clock. Do you remember a lady named Jeanette
Hennigan, who worked with him for a little while
when you all first came to... Buck Wires gave me
that name, and I haven't called her yet, but I don't
remember her name. I don't remember that. Okay,
that's kind of what... Any
other people that you remember interacting with
particularly besides Bob Shewitz? And John
Lindsay, I guess. Yes, John was often involved.
Williams was there. How about Haskell? Haskell,
no. He was around a lot. Very helpful. Haskell's
coming back to College Station this summer. He's
retiring. Is he? From Missouri. He was an El Paso
president. Went to El Paso as president, then he
went to Missouri as chancellor, whatever it was,
and then stepped down. You know how that goes.
Stayed up there, though, as a history professor.
for about four more years, and now he's come back.
Well, fine. Yeah. And his son, he has one of his sons
who's a doctor in Palm State. In fact, we've been to
him. He's an anesthesiologist or something.
Didn't know his children.
Anyway, he's coming back. I thought Haskell was
involved. Was Frank Vanderbilt? Yes. Yeah, now,
see, Frank didn't come in, kind of thing, when he
became president. Jack Williams had a heart
attack, you know. Yes. And he kind of faded, and he
came back for a while, and then retired, and then
Vandiver came. And Vandiver, I believe, had
already gone. Well, Frank was a friend of
Vandiver's. Way before. Way back. Yeah. There are
letters from Frank Vandiver to, between he and
Wardlaw, 73 or 74
or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. And I need to go
talk to Frank. But I would... I don't know. I think
from the time Frank was here, 1950. Probably so. I
wouldn't be surprised because apparently
Frank's father was a professor here. Yes, I think
so. Frank Bender is the only person I've ever heard
of who skipped junior high and high school. I don't
even know if he ever got an undergraduate degree.
He got a Ph.D. I don't know. He didn't bother with
all that other stuff. He just got his Ph.D. and went
on. I really like Frank. He's a nice man. Still on
the go around there. I don't see him on the campus.
He can't get on the campus anymore. The parking is
so horrible. He kind of quit. I'm going to talk to
him, because I know when he came in, he did a lot for
the press. Yes. And I know he didn't know. I
remember him. I saw him bring in Black Jack, the
Persian. Yeah, Persian, yeah. I watched him. Oh,
did you? Make two trips up the stairs with his
manuscript. Did you? Yes. Okay, that's a good
story. That's a good story. I'll remind Frank of
that, of that moment. Let's see. What else can we
talk about that would be interesting? I guess, as
far as you were concerned, there was no culture
shock at Texas A&M. You liked what you found. I
liked it. Because that's what a lot of people say.
These are Aggies. Well, I hadn't heard anything
since having just come from Kansas. I hadn't
heard. That's right. That's right. I don't think I
remember Maggie Joke when I came to Texas. I don't
believe they were around much until the 60s or 70s
anyway. I don't remember Maggie Joke. Not even
when I was
here in Texas. I do remember we often looked at that
statue on the campus, which was constantly being
painted. Sol Ross. Oh, yes, Sol Ross. Yeah, Sol
Ross. And we would walk almost every night, and it
would seem like every month they'd get another
coat of paint on it. Yeah. They finally made them
stop polishing so well, because they were
polishing all the brass off. Oh, sure. Losing his
whatever, you know. So they had kind of stopped all
that
now. I should have brought you a... Did you get a
copy of that last... The Press just published? No,
I didn't. I told Kayla to cease it. Look, I've got
all those books there from A&M. To stop sending you
those? To stop sending them, just sending these
particular ones. But anyway, in that book I saw
Ross's statue. They built a statue for General
Rudder. Oh, did they? Yeah. Oh, I remember Mrs.
Webber. Yeah, she's still out. Charming lady,
really nice lady. Is she still with me? Still busy.
Oh, she was at, I went to a meeting. What is she, 95? I
don't think so. I don't know. She must have been a
lot younger. Yeah, a lot younger. And I'm sure she
may be pushing 80, but she looks good. When she was
at a meeting, we went to the Westerner's meeting
last night. Wednesday night, yeah. And she was
there in just great shape. Anyway, she's been
fussing at me because I... In that picture book,
that revision we did, we have Saul Ross's statue,
but not Mr. Rutter's
statue. I did wrong.